[Music]
Business Administration marketing
computer science so pedestrian now if
you're looking to take some really
offbeat and fun college courses in the
US that'll set you apart from the crowd
then how about giving one of these
majors ago number one auctioneering
going once going twice and sold to
anyone who wants to learn how to be a
professional auctioneer how on earth do
they talk so fast well I guess if I want
to know the answer to that question then
I'll need to enroll in the Harrisburg
area community college in Pennsylvania
they offer a course called auctioneering
that teaches you everything there is to
know about the trade like learning how
to obtain and appraise items correctly
working with buyers and sellers at every
stage the technical aspects and of
course chanting like a pro as with the
fast-talking is called number two
Canadian Studies my quiet friendly
neighbor to the north a real mystery to
many people in the world and even here
in the States
what's their history their culture what
do they do up there anyway and what's
with the funny accent eh if this is
something that has always fascinated you
then how about majoring in Canadian
Studies at Duke University in North
Carolina and hey if you're a Canadian
studying in the US I'll bet you aced
this class with flying colors what an
easy a a number three ethical hacking Oh
an oxymoron perhaps apparently hacking
isn't a self-taught trade or something
you can just google I always imagined
like they show in the movies you just
started tapping on your keyboard very
fast with an evil look of determination
on your face sitting there in your
parents basement but looks like I could
learn a thing or two from this course so
Dakota State University offers the
ethical hacking graduate certificate
where they'll teach you all the tricks
to exploit weaknesses and
vulnerabilities in a wide range of
technological systems you'll be known as
an ethical or white hat hacker as
opposed to the bad guys we see in the
movies
who hack into systems to steal money
those kinds are known as a malicious or
Blatt hat hacker you'll basically be
doing what those criminals do but you do
it for the right reasons as one of the
ultimate security professionals in the
world ah so hacking but with principles
number four astrobiology
so if biology is the study of living
organisms and Astro means space then it
must be a course focusing on the study
of aliens okay maybe not exactly but if
you major in astrobiology you'll learn
about the search for planets beyond our
solar system the origin and evolution of
life on Earth and the sustainability of
life in extreme environments just think
you might be the first person to
communicate with extraterrestrial life
or at least find some amoeba on Mars or
something
number five entertainment engineering
and design studying the science of fun
hey sign me up
why am I not surprised this course is
given at the University of Nevada in Las
Vegas any hope getting a degree in
entertainment engineering and design
will give you a better understanding of
the art and business of entertainment
you can learn the science of putting on
an awesome light show
designing arenas sound engineering and
even the legal social and safety aspects
of the business have to appreciate the
pros behind your good time in Vegas
number six
bowling industry management and
Technology speaking of having a good
time ever wanted to run your own bowling
alley hey you can't break anything there
how about learning more about all that
behind the scenes Tech automatic
pinsetters really are the best thing
since sliced bread
anyway this course have been Sens
University in Indiana will really knock
your pins down number seven
wasting time on the Internet wow what
better field of study to take when
enrolling at a prestigious and historic
Ivy League school like the University of
Pennsylvania if you're hoping that your
time in this class will be spent looking
at memes and cat videos then I've got
some great news
that's exactly what you do okay the
wasting time on the internet course does
get a little deeper than that delving
into the long history of the
recuperation of boredom and asking
questions like could we reconstruct our
autobiography using only Facebook yeah
number eight family Enterprise for all
the students who are planning to run the
family business after you graduate you
might want to major in family Enterprise
Management the course is pretty much
like Business Administration but with a
focus on wait for it family businesses I
guess there's a different science to it
number nine nannying oh that sounds like
a goat
nanny hey I'm sure any parent would feel
more comfortable hiring a pro in
childcare that knows how to provide
their kids with a safe environment I
mean no offense to all the 17 year old
niece is out there who are just looking
for a summer job I'm sure you're a great
babysitter
just don't be surprised if a
professional nanny with a degree gets
that gig over you number 10 Harry Potter
so you might not be able to study at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry
but Central Michigan University has a
great Wizarding program too okay you
won't study magic or anything but you
will learn everything you need to know
about Harry Potter and the rest of the
Wizarding World this is a very immersive
course as you'll even get a chance to
travel to the UK and follow Harry's
footsteps the course is called
to Hogwarts an intensive study of Harry
Potter through the British Isles just in
case you're interested number 11 the art
of language invention excuse me do you
speak Dothraki what about high valaria
how do we even know if I said those
right well if you're interested in how
linguist David Peterson came up with the
languages spoken in the hit TV show Game
of Thrones then this one's for you the
full name of the course is the
linguistics of Game of Thrones and the
art of language invention and was given
at Berkeley in the summer of 2017 and
taught by Peter sim himself
shucks missed the boat on that one but
hey any Lord of the Rings fans out there
who always dreamed of speaking elfish
can still take Quinn yeah and Sidora at
the University of Wisconsin forgive me
if I mispronounce those as well I slept
through my elfish class number 12
blacksmithing finishing the metal
smithing and blacksmithing program at
Southern Illinois University won't have
you winning medieval sword fights or
anything but you would be proficient in
the art of working with and creating
things using metal you could then pursue
a career in academia Museum work or you
could become an independent artist or
maybe shoe a horse or two number 13
nautical archaeology have you ever
wished you could be a mermaid and live
in an underwater castle like Ariel and
finally master using a dinglehopper or
the snarfblatt sorry to burst your
bubble but that's not possible
I can however give you a close second
alternative by studying nautical
archaeology you'll be able to Don your
diving suit and search for lost
underwater artifacts of ancient
civilizations and explore shipwrecks so
you're basically an archaeologist only
with flippers number 14 floral
management hey somebody has to make
those beautiful bouquets that brighten
every bride's big day or act as a peace
offering for fellas in the doghouse oh
and can forget about putting a smile on
mom's face for Mother's Day anyway a
degree in floral management will give
you a wide variety of career options
including freelance floral designing
garden design and management media
design and styling as well as wedding
and bridal design planning number 15 ooh
bakery science I don't know about
flowers and all but I love the smell of
my local bakery first thing in the
morning
those of you who spend hours in the
kitchen baking cookies cakes and
pastries they get gobbled up within
seconds
well of course in bakery science could
turn you into a real pro number 16
adventure education
yes adrenaline junkies there's a unique
course for you too from whitewater
rafting rock climbing wilderness
exploration and tons of other
adventurous activities Plymouth State
University has you covered I don't
imagine couch potatoes will be very
interested in this field but I've got a
little something for you 217 popular
culture reality TV celebrities music
magazines these are all elements of pop
culture and Bowling Green State
University has a whole department
dedicated to it but it's not just about
sitting in class and reading about the
latest celebrity scandals no no the
program delves into the influence pop
culture has on society and with a major
or minor in this unique feel you can
then go into journalism advertising and
mass media to name a few
18 wildlife and finally if you've always
felt a particular connection to Ace
Ventura you might consider taking this
wildlife course at Humboldt State
University it's basically the science of
studying and working with animals and
you can then find an exciting career in
a variety of fields from becoming a game
warden to a zoo keeper the possibilities
for you animal lovers are endless so
Bosco now it's your turn
which of these courses would you want to
study let me know down in the comments
if you learned something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend
but hey don't go enrolling in the Harry
Potter class just yet
though it sounds kind of fun we have
over two thousand cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life